Prefer EXP_TYPE keyword to identify cubes (#1471)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: CHANGES.rst

Cubeviz
^^^^^^^

- Replaced deprecated FILETYPE header keyword with EXP_TYPE to identify JWST cubes

>   for proper MJD_OBS handling. [#1471]

Reviewer: Sorry, I should have checked before posting the other suggestion. 
```suggestion
  for proper MJD-OBS handling. [#1471]
```

> - BUGFIX: Replaced deprecated FILETYPE header keyword with EXP_TYPE to identify JWST cubes to
>   apply an MJDOBS header patch [#1471]

Reviewer: You don't need "bugfix" as it is already under the bug fix section. Also, user will not know what "apply patch" really mean, so I suggested alternate verbiage. Thanks!

```suggestion
- Replaced deprecated FILETYPE header keyword with EXP_TYPE to identify JWST cubes
  for proper MJD_OBS handling. [#1471]
```
